Fix for issue #18678 (#18679)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

- Enh #18628: Added strings "software", and "hardware" to `$specials` array in `yii\helpers\BaseInflector` (kjusupov)
- Enh #18653: Added method `yii\helpers\BaseHtml::getInputIdByName()` (WinterSilence)
- Enh #18669: Changed visibility of `yii\web\User::checkRedirectAcceptable()` to `public` (rhertogh)

> - Bug #18678: Fix `yii\caching\DbCache` to use correct cache table instead of the default one (aidanbek)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #18678: Fix `yii\caching\DbCache` to use configured cache table name instead of the default one in case of MSSQL varbinary column type detection (aidanbek)
```
